Remove in collision goals docs (#579)
ros-navigation/docs.nav2.org: configuration/packages/bt-plugins/actions/RemoveInCollisionGoals.rst

.. _bt_remove_in_collision_goals_action:

RemoveInCollisionGoals
=================

Looks over the input port ``goals`` and removes any waypoint that has a point or footprint cost above a certain threshold.

> This is used to cull goal points passed from ``ComputePathThroughPoses`` to avoid waiting indefinitely on occupied waypoints.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may be used to cull goal points passed from ``ComputePathThroughPoses`` to avoid waiting indefinitely on occupied waypoints.
```

Input Ports
-----------

:service_name:

  ============== =======
  Type           Default
  -------------- -------

>   string         /global_costmap/get_cost_global_costmap  

Reviewer: Table has to fit the contents (extend the `==` and `--`'s) rst is more picky than github markdown

  ============== =======

  Description
    costmap service name responsible for getting the cost.

:input_goals:

  ===================================== =======
  Type                                  Default
  ------------------------------------- -------
  geometry_msgs::msg::PoseStamped         N/A  
  ===================================== =======

  Description
    A vector of goals to check if in collision

:cost_threshold:

  ====== =======
  Type   Default
  ------ -------
  double 254.0  
  ====== =======

  Description

>     The cost threshold above which a waypoint is considered in collision and should be removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The cost threshold above which a waypoint is considered in collision and should be removed. If ``use_footprint = false``, consider setting to 253 for occupied. 
```
